#LOG: LOGGING OUTPUT TO 'scroll.txt' FILESIZE: 0

(Mudlet Clan): Treyal says, "Trigger on 'You have slain', and have the script be: send("queue add free get gold")."
04:46:39.62 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|60] :>-
(Mudlet Clan): Sprucebruce says, "Maybe try to get gold on kills, not it dropping."
04:46:45.62 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|60] :>-read scroll
You read what is written on a plain parchment scroll:
"Shapes and their Significance in Ritual" (Page 1)



RITUAL CIRCLES AND OTHER SHAPES

It is a given that the first lesson to learn when studying ritualism is
the casting of a protective circle, also known as a sacred space. Such
spaces provide protection for the ritualist, and often more importantly,
the observers. Given that the amount of power used in ritual is often
substantially larger than the ritualist's personal reserves, safety is
nearly as important as substance.

Please note, any mention of candles can also be demonstrated with gems,
connected piles of sawdust and cornmeal, or anything else that could act
as a cornerstone. Depending on the cornerstones used, they may have a
neutral - or lack of an effect on the shape, they may magnify certain
properties and still others, or they may strengthen or mute the intent
entirely. Cornerstones will be examined in a future work of mine.



THE CIRCLE - The Sacred Circle is Used for True Protection

Circles represent the cycle of birth and rebirth. It is the ultimate
protection and is representative of all cycles in nature. Birth, growth,
Transition and Rebirth. The Godhead. Nothing can penetrate a protective
circle.

[Type MORE if you wish to continue reading. (16% shown)]
04:47:00.42 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|60] :>-more
[File continued via MORE]
Besides the circle, there are many other forms of sacred space in which
you can do your rituals and spellcasting. Most of these have religious
applications, but could be used in personal applications of performance,
as most center around the same principles we as a House practice.



THE TRIANGLE - To Increase Energy

The triangle is a symbol of manifestation. It will increase anything put
into it including energy. The three is symbolic of multiplicity,
creative power, and growth.

Since it is a shape that magnifies its contents, the triangular ritual
space is ideal for proceedures that normally require a larger number of
participants to be conducted with only a single ritualist. When coupled

with an outer circle to contain such power, this shape could easily be
used to manipulate the energies of the planes, for rituals of spiritual
summoning, containment, or daemonic banishment.



THE SQUARE - To Stabilize Energy

The square is a stabilizing force. It grounds and focuses the
physiological system. It is wholeness and totality and also represents
the physical plane. It symbolizes the 4 elements and the emotions of
compassion, affection, love, and fairness.

[Type MORE if you wish to continue reading. (31% shown)]
04:47:02.18 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|60] :>-more
[File continued via MORE]
The squared shape has a grounding element, quite the opposite of the
previous example. It could be used to focus erratic visions of a
participant and make their meaning more clear, or restrict the
activities of an errant spiritual entitiy, making them behave.



THE CROSS - For Alignment and Balance

The cross represents many things: Strife (the image of two swords
crossing in combat), sacrifice to the great work (portrayed by the
crucifix), and limitation (drawn as an X, a pictogram demarcating
forbidden territory). The spinning cross is considered a sign of utmost
divinity. It is also said to represent the four elements mingling to the
point of where they are indistinguishable. The cross brings in the
perfect balance of feminine and masculine energy. It has an effect on
all four elements: earth, fire, water, and air. It is also linked to the
heart at the center. It is the one magickal configuration that will
absorb any candle color used.

The significance of colors in ritual will be the topic of a future work
of mine. The Cross is a powerful symbol when used, and can demonstrate a
powerful will when dealing with some of the more reluctant entities we
encounter. It might be considered if we ever pre-empt negotiations to be
sour, though it should be noted that if the spirit summoned initially
had intentions of being benevolent, use of the cross may ruin that
chance, as it may be seen as insulting, or a play for power.



[Type MORE if you wish to continue reading. (49% shown)]
04:47:03.72 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|60] :>-
(Mudlet Clan): Sprucebruce says, "^Also what he said."
04:47:04.87 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|60] :>-more
[File continued via MORE]
THE DIAMOND - The Symbol of Creation, Manifestation, and Healing

This is the symbol of God's Divine Trowel. The building block of the
Universe from which all things come. It is the DNA blueprint of the
primal force upon which everything is built. To burn candles inside the
Diamond is to summon all energies, although they will not necessarily be
in balance. The diamond is not for the novice or neophyte. It is
utilized best by the masters and those who know and understand energy.
Only those who work with energy on a continual basis, like healers,
should attempt candle burning in this arrangement. The Diamond layout is
used when one wants to create new forms and applications. It is solely
for those who have studied intensely and know how to work with energies
in their raw and natural states. Do Not Use the Diamond unless you know
what you are doing.

I include this symbol purely because it is not a rare occasion where our
House needs to restore part of Creation as a whole consideration of all
balanced planes to balance, and such a shape is ideal for these
endeavors. However, I would not advise it be attempted any more than
sparingly, as repeated attempts may weaken the effect -- or the
ritualist.



THE FIVE POINT STAR - For Strength

The five-point star is the foremost symbol of divine, celestial
presentation and symbolizes the highest attainment in the heavens. The
upper point of the pentagram, when pointing up, shows the triumph of
spirit over matter. The four lower points are assigned to the four
[Type MORE if you wish to continue reading. (68% shown)]
04:47:05.69 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|60] :>-more
[File continued via MORE]
elements. An upside-down pentagram symbolizes triumph of matter over
spirit, or of base desires over refined sensibilities. It is Star shine
amongst the noble gases and carbon compounds of space. It are energy
manifested, raw, potential and solid. Stars have a strong religious
connotation.

Stars are also representative of higher learning, education and
spiritual practices. The pentagram is significantly symbolic in magick.
The five points represent the human body. The five is the center, the
meeting point of the heavens and earth. It is the four cardinal points
with the spirit as center. It represents God/Goddess as the Energy
Source. and also the four elements. It is strength, versatility and the
Light of the Divine.

When the pentagram is used during magick, it strengthens the energy. It
fortifies all within it and creates a higher spiritual field. Visions
are a possible manifestation within the pentagram. Because of the
likelyhood of visions, the star may be introduced to our mystics as an
aide to their vision quest, and as a supplement to any and all
meditation attempted, whether for personal reasons, or House compliance.



THE SIX POINT STAR - For Balancing, Protection and Powerful Healing

The six-point star is also known as the abstract of creation. The
downward pointing triangle represents the grace of the Goddess or God,
while the upward pointing triangle symbolizes the aspiration of the
mystic or Magi hoping for a glimpse of the Divine. Their union into one
shape symbolizes the successful realization of these energies. The
[Type MORE if you wish to continue reading. (88% shown)]
04:47:09.52 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|60] :>-more
[File continued via MORE]
intersecting triangles depict the duality of both masculine and feminine
energies. Fire and water combined. As above, so below. Equilibrium and
harmony. Protection and Balance. In most cultures, six is known as the
'perfect' number. To the ancients, it is human manifestation upon the
physical plane.

This is based on the qabalistic tree of life. The two intersecting
triangles blend the perfect polarity of positive and negative energies.
It's frequencies resonate to beauty, luck, love, health and things "by
chance". This is great for meditation. To burn candles within the
six-point star is great for linking the mental plane with the heart
chakra. Burning candles in this layout will enhance your own divine
aspects and qualities.


I must pay acknowledgement to Dr. Tekla Rousseau, without her
assistance, this research would not have been as full as it is.


04:47:10.52 I 100h 0rage 100m 100e 100w[exE|60] :>-#log off
